Backport jetpack 15.7-a.1 changes (#47510)
Automattic/jetpack: projects/plugins/jetpack/CHANGELOG.md

### This is a list detailing changes for all Jetpack releases.

## 15.7-a.1 - 2026-03-09

> ### Enhancements
> - Admin Menu: Reorder menu items so that links opening in new windows appear last. [#47417]
> - Backup: use core components for storage popover. [#47448]
> - Block Notes: Add Block Notes as a standalone Jetpack extension plugin, migrated from big-sky-plugin. [#47296]
> - Donations: Use the core WordPress spinner component. [#47467]
> - Forms: Use title header on top-level dashboard pages for consistency with other Jetpack pages. [#47446]
> - Newsletter: Hide settings tab and redirect to new settings page when wp-admin newsletter settings are enabled. [#47347]
> - QR Post Code: Use site icon (favicon) instead of site logo for better rendering in the QR code center area. [#47433]
> 
> ### Bug fixes
> - Admin Page: Restore border on header component. [#47425]
> - Canonical URLs: Fix flaky author archive canonical URL resolution on WordPress trunk. [#47384]
> - SEO: Restore the Optimize SEO panel to the Jetpack sidebar alongside document settings. [#47318]
> - Settings: Add bottom border to the masthead header for visual consistency. [#47425]
> - Social: Fix slow page loads due to Social Image generation. [#45863]
> - Update AI form assistant to detect and create `core/button` blocks instead of `jetpack/button`. [#47438]
> 
> ### Other changes <!-- Non-user-facing changes go here. This section will not be copied to readme.txt. -->
> - Extract the Onboarding E2E utility for re-usability. [#47407]
> - Fix flakiness in tests. [#47410]
> - Fix phpdoc type for deprecated `videopress_prepare_attachment_for_js` wrapper. [#47358]
> - Fix TS errors detected by `tsgo`. [#47426]
> - Fix TS type errors detected by `tsgo`. [#47423]
> - Forms: Fix admin page header CSS specificity to prevent style conflicts. [#47313]
> - Mark all methods in the `Jetpack_PostImages` class as deprecated in favor of the Post_Media package's `Images` class. [#47376]
> - Migrate Settings page header to unified header pattern and left-align navigation tabs. [#47313]
> - Remove header border-bottom from the admin page for a cleaner unified header appearance. [#47313]
> - Switch to Native TypeScript compiler based on Go. [#47375]
> - Update package dependencies. [#47496] [#47499]
> 

Reviewer: Some non-blocking suggestions that simplify the changelog:
```suggestion
## 15.7-a.1 - 2026-03-09
### Enhancements
- Admin Menu: Reorder menu items so that links opening in new windows appear last. [#47417]
- Backup: Use core components for storage popover. [#47448]
- Block Notes: Add Block Notes as a standalone Jetpack extension plugin. [#47296]
- Donations: Use the core WordPress spinner component. [#47467]
- Forms: Use title header on top-level dashboard pages. [#47446]
- Newsletter: Hide settings tab and redirect to new settings page when wp-admin newsletter settings are enabled. [#47347]
- QR Post Code: Use site icon (favicon) instead of site logo for better rendering in the QR code center area. [#47433]

### Bug fixes
- Admin Page: Restore border on header component. [#47425]
- Canonical URLs: Fix flaky author archive canonical URL resolution on WordPress trunk. [#47384]
- SEO: Restore the Optimize SEO panel to the Jetpack sidebar alongside document settings. [#47318]
- Settings: Add bottom border to the masthead header. [#47425]
- Social: Fix slow page loads due to Social Image generation. [#45863]
- Update AI form assistant to detect and create `core/button` blocks instead of `jetpack/button`. [#47438]

### Other changes <!-- Non-user-facing changes go here. This section will not be copied to readme.txt. -->
- Extract the Onboarding E2E utility for re-usability. [#47407]
- Fix flakiness in tests. [#47410]
- Fix PHPDoc type for deprecated `videopress_prepare_attachment_for_js` wrapper. [#47358]
- Fix TypeScript errors detected by `tsgo`. [#47426] [#47423]
- Forms: Fix admin page header CSS specificity to prevent style conflicts. [#47313]
- Mark all methods in the `Jetpack_PostImages` class as deprecated in favor of the Post_Media package's `Images` class. [#47376]
- Migrate Settings page header to unified header pattern and left-align navigation tabs. [#47313]
- Remove header border-bottom from the admin page for a cleaner unified header appearance. [#47313]
- Switch to Native TypeScript compiler based on Go. [#47375]
- Update package dependencies. [#47496] [#47499]

```
